[MTM-52376] deprecate HOOK injection tokens (#190)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

The return code will still be 204 if the control can be returned immediately.
This change is required to make the API consistent with the HTTP protocol semantics (asynchronous request).

##### Breaking change in the Web SDK -- deprecation of HOOK_ prefixed injection tokens

> As of release 10.20+, the Web SDK will no longer expose the `HOOK_` prefixed injection tokens, like for example `HOOK_COMPONENTS`, `HOOK_ROUTE` or `HOOK_NAVIGATOR_NODES`, to users. In version 10.17 an alternative to these hooks has been introduced, which allows typed usage. This is a hugh benefit for Web SDK users since they no longer have to guess the types and attributes offered by these hooks.

Reviewer: hugh => significant?

> As of release 10.20+, the Web SDK will no longer expose the `HOOK_` prefixed injection tokens, like for example `HOOK_COMPONENTS`, `HOOK_ROUTE` or `HOOK_NAVIGATOR_NODES`, to users. In version 10.17 an alternative to these hooks has been introduced, which allows typed usage. These are a hugh benefit for Web SDK users since they no longer have to guess the types and attributes offered by those hooks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of release 10.20+, the Web SDK will no longer expose the `HOOK_` prefixed injection tokens, like for example `HOOK_COMPONENTS`, `HOOK_ROUTE` or `HOOK_NAVIGATOR_NODES`, to users. In version 10.17 an alternative to these hooks has been introduced, which allows typed usage. This is a hugh benefit for Web SDK users since they no longer have to guess the types and attributes offered by these hooks.
```

A migration is only required for users who used the Web SDK for customizing their user interface.

For example the `HOOK_ROUTE` would be migrated from:

```
providers: [
   {
      provide: HOOK_ROUTE,
      useValue: [{
         context: ViewContext.Device,
         path: 'hello',
         component: HelloComponent,
         label: 'hello',
         priority: 100,
         icon: 'rocket'
      }],
      multi: true
   }
]
```

to the new hook function:

```
providers: [
   hookRoute([
      {
         context: ViewContext.Device,
         path: 'hello',
         component: HelloComponent,
         label: 'hello',
         priority: 100,
         icon: 'rocket'
      }
   ]);
]
```

> All of the impacted injection tokens have been marked as deprecated with 10.18 and their documentation and deprecation notice points to their replacement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the impacted injection tokens have been marked as deprecated with 10.18, and references to their respective replacements are provided in the documentation and the deprecation notice.
```

> All of the impacted injection tokens have been marked as deprecated with 10.18, and references to their respective replacements are provided in the documentation and the deprecation notice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the impacted injection tokens have been marked as deprecated with 10.18, and references to their replacements are provided in the respective documentation and deprecation notice.
```
